# Stock_Pitch
Cintas Corporation - Stock Analysis - 17/05/2023

In 2022, 80% of the total revenu was generated by the UniformRental&FacilityServices segment, then, approximately 10%-10% for the FirstAid&AllOther. Since 2017, total revenue has grown by an average of 39.5%. Its gross profit grew by 34.4% from 2017 to 2022. Moreover, approximately 52% of its costs come from the UniformRental&FacilityServices segment (COGS) whereas 33% of costs come from the selling and administrative tasks.

Cintas is a good company for a number of reasons. Cintas seeks M&A in multiple segments. Cintas increased its dividend and while it did not repurchase any shares in the last quarter, buybacks remain an opportunity. The amount paid for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired, was $164.2m and $10m for FY22 and FY21, respectively.
Cintas has largely outperformed the index representing its "professional services" sector and remains on a steady growth trajectory as evidenced by the creation of the new Cintas Corporation Fire Protection business (April 2023) through a small acquisition in New Jersey.

Cintas operates in the professional rental services sector. Its 5 main competitors are : Amarak, Unifirst, ABM, Alsco and Ecolab. According to financial reports, the total revenue generated by all 6 companies is about $14,651M for Q1’23. This gives Cintas a market share of 14,9%, while Amarak and Ecolab each have around 24%. However, the ideal customer for Cintas is very different from that of Amarak. A good way to calculate the TAM correctly would be to take the total revenue generated by these companies in Q1'23 in the US market. Average the growth rates of each industry they work with. Assign weights to each of these sectors according to the quality of the company's customer profile. Weigh it all up and come up with an optimised market share figure for Cintas. In my opinion, this is a relevant way of estimating TAM.

According to financial reports, Cintas' biggest growth area is in first aid and safety services. In fact, between 2019 and 2021, this segment has grown by 26%, while the uniform rental segment has only grown by 2.47%. Between 2020-2022, FirstAid & SafetyServices grew by 17%, while Uniform Rental grew by 10%.

Cintas' cost structure (high COGS and very sensitive to inflation) makes it highly exposed to energy and oil prices (road transport process) as well as the price of raw materials used in manufacturing. Energy prices are exploding and the price of oil is very volatile but both Cintas and Aramark have taken steps to limit their exposure to fluctuations in the price of gasoline and fuel. Cintas has entered into pay-fixed/receive-floating gasoline contracts (swap), while Aramark has entered into gasoline and diesel fuel hedging contracts.

If short-term interest rates were to change by 50 basis points, Cintas' pre-tax earnings would change by approximately $1.4 million. Knowing that central banks have recently raised rates by 25 basis points, Cintas' earnings are pretty well protected.

I think that buying Cintas shares over 3 months could be interesting.
